ways that you can take lessons that you learned and any kind of leadership
school our offer for schools and then trying to apply it in your
day to day work is it you know you you've been just a lot you know
a lot of times you might be drinking from the fire hose at these particular
schools you're only going to remember so much maybe you've
gotten those books you brought them back you've got your notes that
you've taken in those schools reference those from time to time and
trying to apply those theories and then and the lessons that you've
learned you know little at a little bit at a time you know I could be
able to take the entire thing walk right in and and know it all and
be able to apply everything you've learned during that eight week
school and think that you've got it but if you look at every little
piece and then try and do it systematically bit by bit then you'll be
able to really apply those lessons that you've learned and you might
find that some of the stuff that you weren't those schools is kind
of outdated and the curriculum maybe hasn't been updated in awhile
and so it's no longer works that way but guarantee there's been some
good golden nuggets that you've picked up at those schools that you
can take in trying to apply a little at a time into you fully grasp
the concepts